# ExecScript

## Description

ExecScript is a robust application for the secure execution of encrypted files in an Oracle database. It is ideal for protecting your scripts against unwanted changes.

**Note:** The use of the sister project, **CriptoScript**, is recommended for creating and manipulating the encrypted files used in this application.

link: https://github.com/miguelcosta2c/criptoscript

Developed with **PySide6**, **oracledb**, and **cryptography**, ExecScript ensures a controlled environment for executing sensitive files.

## Features

- **Decryption and Execution of SQL Files:** Securely execute scripts stored in encrypted form.
- **Intuitive Graphical Interface:** Facilitates user interaction with the system.
- **OracleDB Integration:** Direct and efficient connection to Oracle databases.

## Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.9 or higher**
2. Installation of the following dependencies:
    - PySide6
    - oracledb
    - cryptography
3. **Configured and accessible Oracle Database.**
4. Required files:
    - `.enc`: Encrypted file.
    - `.key`: Decryption key, generated by the CriptoScript project.

## How to Use

1. **Test Connection:**
    - Before starting, click "Test Connection" to verify access to the database.

2. **Send File:**
    - Load the `.enc` file and the `.key` required for decryption.

3. **Execute File:**
    - After sending, execute the decrypted script directly in the Oracle database.

4. **Convert to Executable:**
    - Use the included `.spec` file to generate an executable (.exe) with PyInstaller:
      ```bash
      pyinstaller ExecScript.spec
      ```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more details, see the `LICENSE` file.

---

Made with dedication by Miguel Cosme Costa.
